# Data-Preprocessing-Master
A set of data pre-processing program solutions

## Python solutions

#### super_preprocessor.py
Comprehensive data pre-processing solution that:
  - provides encoding recommendation
  - pre-process various types of files
     -  Remove empty rows
     -  Add unique ID
     -  Detect truncation
     -  Special treatment to file larger than certain memory size, by chunking the dataset and pre-process parallelly
     
#### Parse_Embedded_JSON.py
##### Program Overview
Parse Embedded JSON_0614.py is a program that reads in a file containing JSON data and extracts said data into a wide table format, in which the values of JSON object become extended into a single array.
##### Inputs
This program requires a handful of inputs to be specified: 
  - The paths to the consolidated input files.
  - The path to the desired output file. 
  - Path to a file that specifies information on structure of the JSON data, which is generated by the program GetFlattened_JSON Name_0614.py

##### Outputs 
The output generated by this program is a regular table format for the data in which non-JSON and JSON values associated with specific fields become the elements of an array that is a single record in the dataset.

##### Assumptions
Program contains certain assumptions on the structure of the input data, such as the field position of the JSON data. This program contains many rules by which it applies differennt treaments to fields and patterns and that indicate significant features of the data's structure and it was built/adapted for a specific set of circumstances for a specific batch of consolidated batch of audit logs. 

These rules are too many to document for present purposes and it will suffice to acknowledge that they exist. Despite containing said rules, this program is generic in the sense that it demonstrates a general approach to the extraction of JSON data that was on this engagement. 
